feat: add Azure EventHubs messagepump (#317)
arcus-azure/arcus.messaging: docs/preview/02-Features/02-message-handling/03-event-hubs.md

        // Process the message.

        _logger.LogInformation("Order {OrderId} processed", orderMessage.Id);
    }
}
```

## Message handler registration
Once the message handler is created, you can very easily register it:

```csharp
using Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection;

public class Program
{
    public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
    {
        // Arcus secret store will be used to lookup the connection strings, 
        // for more information about the Arcus secret store see: https://security.arcus-azure.net/features/secret-store
        services.AddSecretStore(stores => ...);

        // Add Azure EventHubs message pump and use OrdersMessageHandler to process the messages.
        services.AddEventHubsMessagePump("<my-eventhubs-name>", "Arcus_EventHubs_ConnectionString", "<my-eventhubs-blob-storage-container-name>", "Arcus_EventHubs_Blob_ConnectionString")
                .WithEventHubsMessageHandler<OrdersMessageHandler, Order>();

        // Note, that only a single call to the `.WithEventHubsMessageHandler` has to be made when the handler should be used across message pumps.
    }
}
```

> The Azure EventHubs uses the `EventProcessorClient` internally. To learn more about this way of consuming messages from Azure EventHubs, see [Microsoft's official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/overview/azure/messaging.eventhubs.processor-readme).

Reviewer: I was aware of the EventProcessorHost (used it a few years ago).  EventProcessorClient is something new I think ?
/just fmi.
Seems to be a new approach ? https://gist.github.com/ShivangiReja/18d8e52a538c0890567fef4177306cb3

/ sorry for the noise :D

Author: Yes, with the move to the new Azure SDK, there are a lot of new namespaces and types. Seemed that it was good that we already made use of the new SDK as, I imagine, the older one (with the `Microsoft.Bla.Bla` namespace instead of the `Azure.Bla.Bla` namespace) will be deprecated.
We already see this in our security repo where we have to move to the new Azure SDK.

Author: > / sorry for the noise :D

No problem 😉 , best that you are still up-to-date with what's happening and what we're using.

In this example, we are using the Azure EventHubs message pump to process event messages and use the connection strings stored in the Arcus secret store:
- Azure EventHubs name: The name of the Event Hub that the processor is connected to, specific to the EventHubs namespace that contains it.
- Azure EventHubs connection string secret name: The name of the secret to retrieve the Azure EventHubs connection string using your registered Arcus secret store implementation.

> - Azure EventHubs Blob storage container name: The name of the Azure Blob storage container in the storage account to reference where the event checkpoints will be stored and the load balanced.

Reviewer: I understand that the storage account is used to store checkpoint information, but what abou the 'and the load balanced' ?

Reviewer: I just think that that sentence is not clear.  I mean:  it seems like there's something missing in the 'load balanced' part.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.messaging/pull/317/commits/3592debdb1dfca72cd1f6c3e817dd8975abd0f93

Author: Was indeed a bit strange, thx! 👍

> - Azure EventHubs Blob storage container name: The name of the Azure Blob storage container in the storage account to reference where the event checkpoints will be stored and the load balanced.

Author: ```suggestion
- Azure EventHubs Blob storage container name: The name of the Azure Blob storage container in the storage account to reference where the event checkpoints will be stored. The events will be streamed to this storage so that the client only has to worry about event processing, not event capturing.
```
